what I want to show you guys today is
the fresh life automatic sprouter for
growing fresh sprouts right in your
kitchen and it's electric so you plug it
in and it has a little sprinkler system
that keeps your sprouts moist
okay so this is day three and I've gone
ahead and taken all the sprinkler tops
off of my sprouts put them over there
and lift it off the top sprouting trays
that keep it dark for them and you can
see some sprouts are starting to cling
to those top choice and I rinse them off
and I changed the water in the base of
each one and I did that every day since
we've had these so this is what the
sunflower guys look like at this point
they have not gotten very far in
sprouting but they are sprouting then
the bean mixture is getting pretty crazy
it's all tangled up with their sprout
roots the radishes over here they have
long white tails but they also have a
little bit of fuzz which I feel like
it's mold although it could just be more
root fuzziness I was told now we have
the mung bean sprouts that have a
starting to get like a purpley pink hue
to their faces and then they're having
nice white tails that are actually
lifting them off the tray at this point
here's the fenugreek and that to me
looks like there was just too many
fenugreek seeds on the tray so I would
probably do less next time and finally
over here are our alfalfa and clover
sprouting mix so everything's looking
good for mold problems I did read that
you can add some hydrogen peroxide up to
half a cup in the bottom water reservoir
there and then you can also add grape
seed extract a few 10 5 to 10 drops of
grape seed extract into the bottoms if
you do have problems with moles so they
say to keep these black
tops over your sprouts until two or
three days before you harvest we're
planning on harvesting these on a
Saturday and a Sunday so I'm gonna take
the black trays off tomorrow but give
them one more day of that I kind of feel
bad to me
it looks as though these guys especially
are so yellow that they might want to
see the Sun so that they can start to
turn green but following the manual
instructions for the first experiment we
can kind of adjust after that and then
once I have all those set I can just
grab the tops and again the sprinklers
will be set up to water my sprout babies
in the fresh life automatic routers
so you can see some of these sprouts
have actually pushed the tray way up
there's only that much tubing left and
whereas this one hasn't been pushed up
so high and it's actually the sprouts
you can tell from the picture growing
and pushing the top tray upwards and a
lot of these barrels so now we can
remove the top trays and see what sprout
surprises we have to look at today yes
and they are the beautiful sprouts
that's the mung beans to the radish
babies garbanzo lentil mix sunflower
guys are slowing sprouting here and that
actually means they can probably keep
their top tray on a little bit longer so
I'm gonna put that back on the sunflower
ones so they get bigger you're the
slowest sprouting so far there's the
fenugreek climbing its way up and
finally yeah falfa clover mix so all
these folks turned out looking pretty
great he's definitely worked and it's
really interesting and fun to see how a
different sprouting methods can be
efficient or not sprouts are great for
you great nutrition and definitely worth
sprouting whatever way or method you use
thanks for watching and this was novalee